Add summary for xfails with -rxX option (#11574)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/11233.feature.rst

> Report tracebacks for xfailures when ``-rx`` is set. Report captured output for xpasses when ``-rX`` is set. For xpasses, add ``-`` in summary between test name and reason, to match the format of xfail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improvements to how ``-r`` for xfailures and xpasses:

* Report tracebacks for xfailures when ``-rx`` is set. 
* Report captured output for xpasses when ``-rX`` is set. 
* For xpasses, add ``-`` in summary between test name and reason, to match how xfail is displayed.
```
